honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of the committee .
and I am surprised that the independent admits that it does not really know what to do with the Senate committee .
that will not so concerned about at this time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is an important committee , because , in principle , these new committee to determine what some senators sit senators .
i am therefore was indeed sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the new introduced in the Senate .
it was sent a replacement .
no , I will name honourable senators .
you will see that I am kind ' t it ?
the Senate because their own will have to find that had been research .
when a accept the work , it should do one .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have their remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the in February of veterans 1998 .
the House of Commons Ni or the Senate is sitting at the time .
all they sat in the proceedings of the committee , three senators of women .
the leadership of the committee could not find a person to the Senate .
i could cite talk , talk to , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him Quels " were the criteria are as follows : " ?
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was written on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
at the time of men formées were only Les delegations .
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I will look back the opportunity of my association preferred .
honourable when the House , I do not know how senators decision will be or about these two reports .
each time that the Senate is on television verdict .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if any accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in a senator provided meetings .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
do you today and in committee Présentez in committee , after two years of education , there is a final question " '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they stand when their leaders out to them .
no they do not know what happened .
honourable the Senate and say " continuité " and " " speech is the way in our dedication .
over the next two weeks , beginning to address the way we will look at the independent senators .
if we do not do this committee , I my own créerai of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we try to .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you will , is it the pleasure honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
