honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I am surprised that the committee admits that it does not really know what to do with the Senate independent .
that will not so concerned about at this time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is an important committee , because , in principle , these new committee to determine what some senators sit senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday was one of the new senators to realize that indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you will see that I am kind ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an work , it has to do .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have their remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the in February of veterans 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time .
all they sat in the proceedings of the committee , three senators of women .
the leadership of the committee could not find a person to the Senate .
i could cite talk , talk to , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was written on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
shall delegations of men were only formées at that time .
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I will look back the opportunity of my association preferred .
honourable when the House , I do not know how or senators decision will be about these two reports .
each time that the Senate is on television verdict .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
do you in committee Présentez today and in committee , after two years of education , there is a final question " '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed stand , they stand when their leaders out to them .
no they do not know what happened .
honourable the Senate and say " continuité " and " dedication " is the way in our speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the independent senators .
if we do not do that , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we try to .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you will , is it the pleasure honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
